Evaluation Structure

Large Ensemble Preference
  1st or second

Other instruments
  Instrument specific

Transposition and Clefs (if applicable)

Special for strings
I can play well in .... position

Current Activity
  * What groups are you playing in?
  * Do any of these groups require an audition?
  * Are you studying privately?  If so, how long?
  * How often are you playing chamber music?


Assessment of Ability and Experience
   Beginner/Novice/Intermediate/Experienced/Advanced
  * Large Ensemble
  * Chamber Music
  * Sight Reading

Comments


Beginner
You have been playing for more than 2 or 3 years and know the basics, but have only just begun playing with others.

Novice
You play a repertoire carefully chosen to be within your technical limitations. On first reading of a chamber
music piece, you aim  to get through the music and end together without too many stops and  starts in between.

Intermediate
You are in the process of exploring the standard repertoire, perhaps avoiding works 
that are too technically challenging. You concentrate on not making major mistakes while 
reading an unfamiliar part. You are aware of what the others are doing. You often slow 
down a fast movement for technical reasons.

Experienced
You are familiar with portions of the standard repertoire; you play in tune and at 
tempo after a reading or two. You generally sound good on your instrument, and 
sight-reading is not a problem. You are attentive  to all markings in the score. 
You pay attention to blend, balance, dynamics, style, and basic phrasing on a 
first reading. If you make a mistake, you can usually get back in without stopping.

Advanced
You have been actively playing your instrument for many years and have performed with advanced groups 
(e.g. college groups, audition-only groups). You know much of the standard repertoire. If your 
partners make a mistake, you can often bring them back in without stopping. 
You consistently sound excellent on your instrument and aim for cohesive musical 
expressiveness with attention to fine nuance on a first reading.
